[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film the conjuring
part one spoiler ahead watch out and
take care
in the year 1971 the parent family move
into an old house on rhode island
with their five daughters who are
excited to run into their new home
but the yummy dog resists coming in the
parents then leave it alone
and begin to arrange the furniture the
youngest girl brings home a music box
which she found at the lakeside when the
girls play hide and seek
they discover by chance the cellar which
is sealed off
it is full of spider webs and clouds of
dust so roger closes the door
and warns the girls to keep away from it
at night
the yummy dog barks in the yard the
family think it is just not used to the
new home
and don't take it seriously however
since then
weird things happen one after another
carolyn wakes up
and is astonished to notice a strange
bruise on her leg
all the clocks stop at seven past three
in the morning and their lively dog dies
for no reason in the yard
the third daughter sleepwalks to the
eldest sister's bedroom
and bangs her head repeatedly against
the wardrobe
one day the youngest girl sits alone in
her bedroom
while her sisters are at school carolyn
hears her talking to someone
she comes in but finds no one else there
thinking she must be longing for a
friend to chat with caroline then plays
hide and seek with her
it's a children's game in which the
seeker can ask the hider to clap hands
as many as three times
so as to locate the hider the youngest
hides
and carolyn seeks carolyn sees in the
open wardrobe a pair of hands clapping
and here's a slight gasp so she
stretches her arms to catch her
but is startled to see her running out
from the back of the door where she
hides instead
confused carolyn then searches
thoroughly among the clothes
but finds no one inside the horror
escalates that night
the fourth daughter is dragged by
someone by the leg and awakens
she thinks it must be her second sister
who shares the bedroom with her
but the second is asleep in her bed the
fourth looks around
and catches a specter behind the door
she wakes the second up gingerly when
the second approaches the door
sees no one but smells a rotten stink
the fourth stares at her trembling and
cries that spectre is standing right
behind her
when the second turns around the door
closes with a bang the girl scream wakes
the parents up
they run into her bedroom the fourth
daughter cries
and tells them that the spectre says it
wants them all to die
one night when carolyn is alone in her
bedroom
she hears laughter she walks out of the
bedroom and sees the girls are all
asleep
then she hears the glass smashing from
downstairs when she turns around
the photos on the wall begin to fall
down she tiptoes downstairs
avoiding the fragments and once again
she hears someone clapping hands
she walks toward the clapping sound to
the seller and finds the door open by
itself
she turns on the light but sees no one
but when she threatens that she will
lock the door
she is pushed by some force and rolls
downstairs into the cellar
before she can realize what happens a
toy ball bounces out of the closet
startled carolyn scrambles upstairs
before she flees out of the cellar
the bulb lasts and the door is locked
she lights a match
in the dark she sees a pair of hands
clapping once upon her ear
in a bedroom upstairs the third daughter
sleepwalks again
and constantly hits her head against the
wardrobe the second daughter awakens
and helps her sister to sleep again more
clashes come from inside the wardrobe
the third wakes up again and sees a
sinister spirit on top of the wardrobe
it jumps onto the second daughter
at that time after coming back from his
business trip
roger hears the screams and rushes into
the house
he finds her wife who is screaming and
the couple rush upstairs
when the second daughter is struggling
lying on the floor
haunted by those supernatural incidents
caroline has to seek help from the
warrens
and lorraine the noted paranormal
investigators
the warrens are giving a lecture at the
university the husband ed articulates
the three phases of conjuring
first infestation the specters gasp and
creep to manifest their existence
second oppression the specters oppress
the victims
weaken their mind and destroy their will
and the third and final is possession
before the warrens drive home after the
lecture carolyn stops them at the
parking lot
and invites them to exorcise the
sinister spirits
seeing her in a real panic the warrens
agree
the next day they drive to the parents
what the warrens discover is a haunting
house
and discovers the rotten smells which is
the sign of specters
lorraine senses anomaly the moment she
steps in
and says horrible accidents must have
happened in the cellar
soon they find the specter of a little
boy is confined in the music box
that the youngest daughter brought home
besides that the most sinister is from
the old tree at the lakeside
on which a witch hang herself the warns
are sure the house is haunted then
requires exorcising
however unauthorized exorcizing by the
church requires solid evidence
so the warrens return home to bring
their equipment planning to come back
tomorrow for the collection of evidence
when the warrens return home lorraine
begins to read the profiles
she discovers that the parents house was
once owned by a witch
who hanged herself on the lakeside tree
and died at seven
past three she cursed all those who
would take her property
ever since then every family that had
moved into the house
were plagued the next day the warrens
come back to the house with a
professional team
they equipped the house with a monitor
system and special cameras invented by
ed which are sensitive to temperature
and automatically take
pictures whenever the temperature drops
abruptly and also puts many crosses in
the house
to conjure up the specters their first
night in the house is peaceful
at breakfast the next morning the girls
asked for ice creams
so roger takes them to the town a
dreadful wind blows
when lorraine dries the sheets beneath
one sheet however
a specter conjures suddenly lorraine
looks up and sees it jumping into
carolyn's bedroom through the window
lorraine immediately runs upstairs while
carolyn is asleep
the spectre spits out a big mouthful of
blood into her mouth
and possesses her instantly carolyn is
vomiting when lorraine knocks at the
door in anxiety
and cries out her name however carolyn
opens the door as if nothing happened
saying she feels only a bit of
discomfort
that night the policeman from the
warrens team spots the specter of a maid
while the third daughter sleepwalks
upstairs again the cameras continue
taking photos
when she enters the bedroom and slams
the door the team rush to hit the door
open
the assistant hears from the monitor a
little boy guiding the third daughter to
hide
when the men break the door in they find
no trace of the third daughter
ed searches for her with a portable
ultraviolet radiator
in the wardrobe he finds her handprint
on the wall
behind the wardrobe there is a niche and
the little girl is hiding there
roger carries her to her room the
youngest daughter says her third sister
will hide in that niche
when she is terrified lorraine realizes
there must be something behind the niche
so she crawls in with a flashlight in
her hand
through the niche she comes into a
wooden den there she finds some boys
toys on a table
and one end of a rope down the table
when lorraine pulls the rope a wooden
floor under her feet fall apart and she
falls down to the cellar
she sees the specter of a woman who died
there
it repeatedly mumbles she asked me to do
it
lorraine flees in terror now lorraine
sees the demon's purpose is to possess
the hostess of the house
the strange bruise on carolyn's leg is
the sign of its possessing her
across his fall to the ground the demon
drags the second daughter forward by the
hair
when men try hard to pull her back in
vain lorraine cuts off her hair and
saves her
ed's assistant records what has just
happened as evidence
after the parent family leave to stay in
the hotel for a while for their safety
lorraine walks to the lakeside forced by
some unknown power
there she sees her daughter's shadow
floating on the water
in a panic she runs into the house to
call her mother
and is assured nothing happened to her
daughter
though knowing it is the sign that the
sinister specter warns her not to get
involved
the warren still submit the evidence
video to the priest
the priest is horrified on watching the
video but he says the church needs
authorization from the vatican for
exorcising
and promises they will proceed on it on
their way driving home
it is thunderstormy at midnight the
warren's daughter awakens from her dream
thinking her parents are back she walks
out of her bedroom to meet them
when all of a sudden the light in the
corridor turns off
the frightened little girl goes into the
study room and shuts the door
and she sees a specter of a woman
sitting on the rocking chair
with a frightening doll in her arms
hearing her scream
her granny comes but she can't open the
door no matter how hard she tries
just then the warrens arrive home ed
breaks the door in
rushes to carry his daughter in his arms
when the rocking chair hits the wall
and breaks into pieces the relief is
interrupted when roger calls
saying that carolyn drives back to the
haunted house with two daughters
and that the girls say their mom smells
rotten
ed asks roger to wait in the hotel and
the couple hurried to the house with the
policeman
and the assistant when they arrive
carolyn already loses control of herself
the men
struggle to snatch the scissors from her
hand when she tries to stab her daughter
they pull her out of the cellar
and try to take her to the church to
exorcise
the bruises all over carolyn's body
begin to deteriorate quickly
and lorraine knows she will be killed by
the specter inside her
if they force her to leave the house
then carolyn is pulled away to the
cellar
she struggles and crying out for her
husband the men can't control her as she
is possessed by a powerful specter
she bites the policeman and pushes ed to
the ground
lorraine casts a piece of white cloth on
her and they tie her to the chair
it will be too late to wait for the
priest so ed decides to exorcise by
himself
it recites the spell and drops holy dew
on carolyn
when the specter howls and summons its
evil powers
the furniture rock violently the pigeons
hit the windshields
and crows flock in ed speeds up his
reciting
blood spurted from caroline's mouth
stains the white cloth red
and the witch's face manifest out of the
bloody white cloth
ed continues the spell before all quiet
down suddenly
the men watch the chair rise hit the
ceiling and fall to the ground again
the witch laughs ghastly inside carolyn
and tells ed they must all die
then a gun from the corner fires at ed
the policeman thrusts head down to the
ground
and saves him the assistant levers the
wooden floor apart in the kitchen
and finds the other daughter beneath the
floor he yells that he found her
and this alerts the demon inside
caroline she picks up the scissors
and dashes upstairs ed calls the witch's
name
and carolyn hesitates right then the
rain presses on carolyn's head
asking her to remember how much her
family means to her
and roger calls out her name wanting her
back
carolyn remembers their wonderful time
on the beach and the bright smiles on
her five daughters faces
her love for her family works she
manages to get rid of the demonic
possession
and dispel the specter of the witch away
later
the warrens place the music box in their
cellar which confines a little boy
specter
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out